
README (ReMorse)

    Definition

        Simple Python module that allows converting a string into Morse code
        and vice versa.

    Details

        The definition above actually explains it all. Simple and easy to use.

        Notice that this module uses the Python 3.x framework. There is no
        official version for Python 2.x, but if you need that for whatever
        reason, you can try refactoring the syntax from Python 3.x to version
        2.x using the "3to2" tool. However, there is no guarantee that this
        works properly or at all.

        Furthermore, the module requires a shell that uses UTF-8 encoding,
        otherwise it will crash due to encoding errors. 
        
        The code was written on Linux and has only been tested on that
        platform, yet.

        Feel free to modify!

    Usage

        Convert (encode) a string into Morse code

            To convert the string "Hello" into Morse code, type:

                morse = remorse.string2morse("Hello")

            Supported characters are letters, numbers and spaces. All others
            will be ignored. The Morse code will be returned using UTF-8
            characters.

        Convert (decode) Morse code into a string

            The other way around, to convert Morse code into a string, type:

                string = remorse.morse2string(".... . .-.. .-.. ---")

            Notice that you can use different characters to enter the Morse
            code:

                The dots can either be the ordinary ones (".") or the UTF-8
                character "·".

                The dashes can be hyphens ("-"), underscores ("_") or the
                UTF-8 character "−".

            All other characters will be ignored. However, invalid characters
            inside a Morse code letter will lead to an incorrect output.

            No matter which characters you use, they will be converted into
            the UTF-8 ones and then decoded to get the string.

